Skip Mode (#755)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/writing-workflows/scheduling.rst

   [runtime]
   # ...
       [[FAM1_done]]
           run mode = skip
   # ...

This :term:`graph` generates only ``N + M`` dependencies, which takes
significantly less memory and CPU to store and evaluate.

.. note::

>    By setting ``run mode = skip`` the task will be follow the
>    :ref:`task-run-modes.skip` submission pathway, which
>    is significantly more efficient than a conventional task.

Reviewer: "submission pathway" again. Just say something like this:
```suggestion
   By setting ``run mode = skip`` the task's execution will be simulated
   quickly, with no real job submitted.
```
